Problem clauses for wiki_blackjack_contrast_results.csv: 
It contains one or more decks of 52 cards.
The game is won if you "beat the dealer
A player and the dealer want his or her own ace as 1 point or 11 points.
All other cards appear as the numeric value
After receiving their initial two cards, players may pursue the option of getting a "hit",
If a player hides an ace
The dealer is asked to take hits
If the player and dealer receive the same point total,
Many rule variations of blackjack are played.
Since the 1960s, blackjack has functioned as a high-profile target of advantage players, particularly card counters,
Other casino games were inspired by blackjack, including Spanish 21 and pontoon.
Twenty-one, a game of unknown origin, became regarded as a predecessor to Blackjack.
Cervantes famously gambled,
The game contains the Spanish baraja deck,
Later references to this game also appear in France and Spain.
One such bonus became a ten-to-one payout
The player whose bet is at the front of the betting box has control over the position,
Any player enjoys the luxury to control or bet in as many boxes
Each box possesses an initial hand of two cards visible to the people
The dealer's hand has its first card face up,
Locations of hole card games usually resemble tables with a small mirror or electronic sensor
In European casinos, "no hole card" games are often played;


Problem clauses for news_20020731-nyt_contrast_results.csv: 
Packwood no longer serves on the committee.
"The document is clear,”
The Ethics Committee did not take the bait.
During that time, the panel believed that
According to the committee,
The ethics committee had been granted the power to punish lawmakers with sanctions
"This matter proved to be far more serious than what the committee found,"
Witness statements, store receipts, and other documents were found
Nor did it include a citation of a $1,590 Oriental carpet that Chang gave to Torricelli's former wife, Susan Holloway Torricelli.
A person familiar with Torricelli's testimony to the committee believed that
“I recognize that Senator Torricelli provided the committee with a full explanation of sources of income and any funds
Desiring to quickly make a campaign issue of the Senate letter,


Problem clauses for journal_Article247_400_contrast_results.csv: 
But USA Today continues to focus on Princess Di.
The NYT is adamant
She aims to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel,
The LAT comments on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon, dissension
Perhaps the most striking indicator of a change of mood inside the government reported by the paper was revealed by the news
Several papers received word
This signifies a move
Much of the continuing Diana coverage increasingly exists within the realm of meta- and meta-meta-pieces.
But USAT and the WP also each contain pretty newsy Diana pieces as well.
Both have a reveal
How odd -- and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a "witty" headline necessarily involves a slippery slope into an idea


Problem clauses for essays_A_defense_of_Michael_Moore_contrast_results.csv: 
September 19, 1977 became a date
Although for other cities this would simply create a minor economic setback, for the people of Youngstown and the surrounding area,
The events that were on this date
Those in the industry wanted to preserve the only source of employment
Based on the area’s history, culture, and economic situation
Although it was in Youngstown and the surrounding area more than in other regions,
Their blast furnace, “Hopewell,” served as the very first blast furnace in the area.
Youngstown also acted as a major railway crossroads, due to its strategic position between Cleveland, Pittsburgh, New York, and Chicago.
In fact, The Center Street Bridge had more rail cars [a major bridge in Youngstown] on any given day than any other location in the country.
During the 19th century, the center of iron manufacturing wasn’t in the far East Coast anymore.
By 1880, Youngstown’s population was nearly 16,000,
The town was very prosperous,
This prosperity lingered until the late 1920s,
Youngstown may have enjoyed prominence and prosperity in the post-war period,
In 1973, the Experimental Negotiating Agreement was signed.
Old technology was untouched
These failures spelled certain doom
The announcement of the closing of the mills in 1977 started a downward spiral,
However, it became clear
The closings marked the end of Youngstown’s only real industry, the end of its population growth, and then end of economic progress.
Without an industrial or a residential base, commerce was down considerably.
It was increasingly clear
The very first thing that the workers could do was highlighted as “getting up a petition to stop the shutdown,
The International chapter of the USWA held much more lobbying power,
The petition was a needle in a haystack amongst paperwork and bureaucratic procedure.
The Ecumenical Coalition is an organization
The Coalition drafters wanted to know
Here, too, they were unheeded.
The Coalition lacked proper funds to buy the mills
Several major factors existed as obstacles to saving the mills,
The efforts to save the mills were for naught
During World War II the rest of the world lusted for America’s iron and steel products;
In fact, American steel imports were now bigger than exports.
Foreign steel had become easier and more efficient to make,
This led to a new status quo:
Foreign steel also became much cheaper.
Other steel-exporting countries simply didn't offer enough jobs,
However, to American companies already suffering financial setbacks, outdated machinery, and fierce competition, this lack of demand became an inconvenience
Youngstown was perhaps more desolate than any other town because of the collapse of the steel industry,
The nationwide problem addressed many more mills and issues than Youngstown’s alone.
“It is impossible to solve a nation-wide problem in a single city.”
Trying to prop up one city’s mills appeared impossible
In naming the campaign as such,
Marches, speeches, and letter writing were all part of the drive to help stimulate the Campaign
College tuition, clothes, food, and heating were all prioritized before donations to non-profit organizations.
People outside of the area decided not to personally invest in the mills,
The lack of money became crippling,
No one had formed a concrete plan for
People touted vague ideas of worker collectivization,
Without a real plan, the campaign was incapable of achieving anything concrete.
Without funds to drive the efforts, or even a real plan of action, the Save Our Valley Campaign was more harmful than beneficial.
Some formed the union United Steel Workers of America
Initially many worked under the assumption
The union leaders of the USWA could not devise a solution for
This would lead to a situation
From its very first days, small villages and hamlets have packed the Mahoning Valley.
People from each town are more likely to work, shop, eat,
However, although traffic gets heavy between each separate district,
Its residents are mainly Italian and Roman Catholic, with a small concentration of Methodists on the east side.
Unemployment rates hit a lower point than in surrounding towns,
With many more cultures, religions, and economic levels living in close proximity to one another, a curious phenomenon is increasingly belonging to the area: regionalism.
Each town, with their own identity, wants to instill a strong regionalistic feeling within their respective populations,
Oftentimes this regionalism involves bizarre forms of hatred, with certain towns
With so much regional tension, it was very hard
Workers from Poland Township did not want to attend rallies with workers from Campbell,
A lack of cooperation represented a crippling problem for the movement,
Black Monday dealt a devastating blow to an entire generation of people.
Considering the events
But to the thousands of people living there,
The steel workers who tried to save their jobs and their lives had become part of something greater than themselves, something
Even though they eventually were unable to succeed, the fact